feat: add env variables (#396)
sygmaprotocol/sygma-sdk: examples/evm-to-substrate-fungible-transfer/README.md

**Note**

> To replace default transfer from Sepolia to rhala use env variables:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Replace the default environment variables defined with your own using env variables from your `.env` file: 
```
